When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    To collaborate with other users. To publicly show my work.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    I like pulling changes manually because, when I'm working on code,
    it doesn't change without me expecting it.  If I know the new
    version of some code is broken, I might not want to pull that change until I
    know the bug is fixed.


Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    A fork is a GitHub-to-GitHub operation; nothing is copied to your PC. It copies a respository and give credit to the original author.

    The git clone command copies an existing Git repository.

    A branch in Git is simply a lightweight movable pointer to a commit. The default branch in Git is master. 


What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    According to cbuckey If I am about to go without Internet access for a while, for example to work
    on a plane, I can update my local copy before I leave.  I can do this even
    if I'm not ready to merge those changes into my own branches yet.  Then if I
    want, I can perform the merge while offline, or I need to know what the
    remote version is at some point, I have an easy way to access it.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    I would use google drive. It's definitely easier to use Git/GitHub to collaborate for coding projects. I think using google drive is easier to learn. Git/Github have a steeper learning curve, but it is more powerful and more precise when it comes collaborating on coding projects.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    If you don't want to have your changes negatively affect master. You can keep development and production separate. 